disable precompilation via `Preferences` (#334)
timholy/SnoopCompile.jl: docs/src/snoop_pc.md

    code that you want precompiled.
    You can use `@snoopi_deep` to check for any (re)inference when you use the code in your package.
    To fix any specific problems, you can combine `@precompile_all_calls` with manual `precompile` directives.

> One can disable precompilation for selected packages using the `Preferences.jl` based mechanism and the `skip_precompile` key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can reduce the cost of precompilation for selected packages using the `Preferences.jl` based mechanism and the `skip_precompile` key:
```

```julia
using SnoopPrecompile, Preferences
set_preferences!(SnoopPrecompile, "skip_precompile" => ["PackageA", "PackageB"])
```

> After restarting julia, precompilation will be disabled for `PackageA` and `PackageB`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After restarting julia, the `@precompile_all_calls` and `@precompile_setup` workloads will be disabled for `PackageA` and `PackageB`.
```

> After restarting julia, the `@precompile_all_calls` and `@precompile_setup` workloads will be disabled (locally) for `PackageA` and `PackageB`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After restarting julia, the `@precompile_all_calls` and `@precompile_setup` workloads will be disabled (locally) for `PackageA` and `PackageB`.

!!! note
    Changing `skip_precompile` may result in a one-time recompilation of all packages that use SnoopPrecompile.
```
